Add documentation for supported probes (#8)
probe-rs/webpage: md/probes/jlink.md

> # JLink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# J-Link
```

> The JLink is a debug probe from [Segger](https://www.segger.com/). It is available as a stand-alone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The J-Link is a debug probe from [Segger](https://www.segger.com/). It is available as a stand-alone
```

product, but also integrated into evaluation boards directly.

> Due to the proprietary nature of the JLink, probe-rs will not achieve the same speed as the official JLink tools.

Reviewer: Well this is not really true, eh? Or is it? I mean it is mostly our shitty implementation. The protocol is really just barebones SWD.

Or am I in the wrong here?

Author: Of course we can improve our implementation, but the J-Link also has a higher level API which is not publicly documented. Similar to the high level API of the ST-Link. Because of this we will probably never achieve the same speed as the Segger tools.

Reviewer: Ah okay, I didn't know that, thank you!

> Due to the proprietary nature of the JLink, probe-rs will not achieve the same speed as the official JLink tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the proprietary nature of the J-Link, probe-rs will not achieve the same speed as the official J-Link tools.
```

## Setup

### Linux

> No additional drivers are required to use a JLink debug probe on Linux systems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No additional drivers are required to use a J-Link debug probe on Linux systems. 
```

To ensure that users without root privileges can use the debug probe, it is recommended to
configure udev as described in [udev rules](/guide/udev).

### Windows

Unfortunately, probe-rs doesn't work with the official drivers on Windows. To use probe-rs
it is necessary to install a generic WinUSB driver. The recommended way of doing this is

> by using [Zadig](https://zadig.akeo.ie/) and selecting WinUSB as the driver for the JLink probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by using [Zadig](https://zadig.akeo.ie/) and selecting WinUSB as the driver for the J-Link probe.
```
